DEVX-4904 VAPI Configurable Webhook Timeouts (#3378)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _examples/concepts/guides/webhooks-setup/voice.md

* [connect.eventUrl](/voice/guides/ncco-reference#connect) - set the URL to the webhook endpoint Nexmo calls asynchronously when a conversation changes state for this connect action
* [input.eventUrl](/voice/guides/ncco-reference#input) - set the URL to the webhook endpoint Nexmo sends the digits pressed by the callee
* [stream.streamUrl](/voice/guides/ncco-reference#stream) - set an array of URLs pointing to the webhook endpoints hosting the audio file to stream to the Call or Conversation

### Webhook Timeouts

> If the answer, event or fallback URL is unreachable for a certain amount of time, or the response reading time exceeds a certain limit, Vonage will retry the request once. Platform default connection and reading timeouts are as follows:

Reviewer: What do you think about shortening this to: "If one of the callback URLs is unreachable.."? @marklewin, thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I think it's OK to be specific here @bencgreenberg ... what do we mean by "response reading time" exactly? Can we explain that better?

Author: we have removed the word "reading" to simplify the description (it is indeed just response time).

> If the answer, event or fallback URL is unreachable for a certain amount of time, or the response reading time exceeds a certain limit, Vonage will retry the request once. Platform default connection and reading timeouts are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the answer, event or fallback URL is unreachable for a certain amount of time, or the response time exceeds a certain limit, Vonage will retry the request once. Platform default connection and reading timeouts are as follows:
```

Webhook Type | Connect Timeout | Socket Timeout
-------------|-----------------|----------------
Answer | 1 second | 5 seconds
Event | 1 second | 10 seconds
Fallback | 1 second | 5 seconds

> These defaults can be overridden via [Application API](/api/application.v2#updateApplication) call or in the [Dashboard](https://dashboard.nexmo.com/applications) - select the application, then click **Edit** button and scroll to Capabilities / Voice section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These defaults can be overridden via an [Application API](/api/application.v2#updateApplication) call or in the [Dashboard](https://dashboard.nexmo.com/applications) by selecting the application, then clicking the **Edit** button and scrolling to the Capabilities / Voice section:
```
